# UAT Test Case Scenarios

The UAT test cases covers below functionality.

1. [Roles](uat-test-case-scenarios.md#roles)
2. [Estimates](uat-test-case-scenarios.md#estimates)
3. [Measurement Book](uat-test-case-scenarios.md#measurement-book)
4. [Muster Rolls](uat-test-case-scenarios.md#muster-roll-validations)
5. [Purchase Bill](uat-test-case-scenarios.md#purchase-bill-validations)
6. [Schedule of rates](uat-test-case-scenarios.md#schedule-of-rates)

## Roles

<table><thead><tr><th width="75">Sr. No.</th><th width="162">Code</th><th width="112">Role Description</th><th>Actions</th><th>Designations/ Users</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>PROJECT_CREATOR</td><td>Poject Creator</td><td>Create<br>Search<br>View<br>Modify</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>PROJECT_VIEWER</td><td>Project Viewer</td><td>Search<br>View</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>ESTIMATE_CREATOR</td><td>Estimate Creator</td><td>Inbox<br>Create<br>Search<br>View<br>Edit</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>ESTIMATE_VERIFIER</td><td>Estimate Verifier</td><td>Inbox<br>Search<br>View<br>Verify and Forward<br>Send Back</td><td>Assistant Executive Engineer<br>Executive Engineer<br>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>TECHNICAL_SANCTIONER</td><td>Technical Sanctioner</td><td>Inbox<br>Search<br>View<br>Technically Sanction<br>Send Back<br>Send Back To Originator<br>Reject</td><td>Assistant Executive Engineer<br>Executive Engineer<br>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>6</td><td>ESTIMATE_APPROVER</td><td>Estimate Approver</td><td>Inbox<br>Search<br>View<br>Approve<br>Send Back<br>Send Back To Originator<br>Reject</td><td>Executive Officer</td></tr><tr><td>7</td><td>WORK_ORDER_CREATOR</td><td>Work Order Creator</td><td>Inbox<br>Create<br>Search<br>View<br>Edit</td><td>Program Cordinator</td></tr><tr><td>8</td><td>MUSTER_ROLL_VERIFIER</td><td>Muster Roll Verifier</td><td>Inbox<br>Search<br>View<br>Edit<br>Verify and Forward<br>Send Back To CBO</td><td>Assistant Executive Engineer<br>Executive Engineer<br>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>9</td><td>WORK_ORDER_APPROVER</td><td>Work Order Approver</td><td>Inbox<br>Search<br>View<br>Approve<br>Send Back<br>Send Back To Originator<br>Reject</td><td>Executive Officer</td></tr><tr><td>10</td><td>WORK_ORDER_VIEWER</td><td>Work Order Verifier</td><td>Inbox<br>Search<br>View<br>Verify and Forward<br>Send Back</td><td>Assistant Executive Engineer<br>Executive Engineer<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Program Cordinator<br>Accountant</td></tr><tr><td>11</td><td>MUSTER_ROLL_APPROVER</td><td>Muster Roll Approver</td><td>Inbox<br>Search<br>View<br>Approve<br>Send Back<br>Send Back To CBO</td><td>Assistant Executive Engineer<br>Executive Engineer<br>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>12</td><td>MUKTA_ADMIN</td><td>MUKTA Admin</td><td>Create Organization<br>Search Organization<br>View Organization<br>Modify Organization<br>Search Wage Seeker<br>View Wage Seeker<br>Modify Wage Seeker</td><td>Program Cordinator</td></tr><tr><td>13</td><td>HRMS_ADMIN</td><td>HRMS Admin</td><td>Create Employee<br>Search Employee<br>View Employee<br>Modify Employee</td><td>Program Cordinator</td></tr><tr><td>14</td><td>BILL_CREATOR</td><td>Bill Creator</td><td>Inbox<br>Search<br>View<br>Create<br>Edit</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>15</td><td>BILL_VERIFIER</td><td>Bill Verifier</td><td>Inbox<br>Search<br>View<br>Verify and Forward<br>Send Back</td><td>Assistant Executive Engineer<br>Executive Engineer<br>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>16</td><td>BILL_APPROVER</td><td>Bill Approver</td><td>Inbox<br>Search<br>View<br>Approve<br>Send Back<br>Send Back To Originator<br>Reject</td><td>Executive Officer</td></tr><tr><td>17</td><td>BILL_VIEWER</td><td>Bill Viewer</td><td>Inbox<br>Search<br>View</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Accountant</td></tr><tr><td>18</td><td>ESTIMATE_VIEWER</td><td>Estimate Viewer</td><td>Inbox<br>Search<br>View</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td>19</td><td>MB_CREATOR</td><td>MB Creator</td><td>Inbox<br>Create<br>Search<br>View<br>Edit</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td>20</td><td>MB_VERIFIER</td><td>MB Verifier</td><td>Inbox<br>Search<br>View<br>Verify and Forward<br>Send Back</td><td>Assistant Executive Engineer<br>Executive Engineer<br>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>21</td><td>MB_APPROVER</td><td>MB Approver</td><td>Inbox<br>Search<br>View<br>Approve<br>Send Back<br>Send Back To Originator<br>Reject</td><td>Assistant Executive Engineer<br>Executive Engineer<br>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>22</td><td>MB_VEIWER</td><td>MB Veiwer</td><td>Inbox<br>Search<br>View</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Accountant</td></tr><tr><td>23</td><td>Payment Instruction</td><td>Accountant</td><td>Search<br>View<br>Edit</td><td>Accountant</td></tr><tr><td>24</td><td>STADMIN</td><td>Dashboard Viewer</td><td>Mukta Dashboard</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>25</td><td>ORG_ADMIN</td><td>CBO Admin</td><td>all actions of CBO portal</td><td>CBO Users</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Estimates

<table><thead><tr><th width="102">Test ID</th><th>Test Case Case Scenarios</th><th>Expected Results</th><th>Tester(s)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td>Inbox [Home Page > Estimates]</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T001</td><td>Click on Estimates on home page - opens Estimate Inbox page.</td><td>The estimate inbox page is displayed.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Executive Officer</td></tr><tr><td>T002</td><td>On the Estimate Inbox page, click on Create Estimate service link</td><td>Search project page is opened.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td>T003</td><td>On the Estimate Inbox page, click on Search Estimate service link</td><td>Search estimate page is opened.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Executive Officer</td></tr><tr><td>T004</td><td>Search the inbox estimates using the below parameters.<br>1. Estimate number<br>2. Project ID<br>3. Project type</td><td>Desired estimate/s is/are searched and displayed in the inbox.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Executive Officer</td></tr><tr><td>T005</td><td>Filter the inbox estimates using the below parameters.<br>1. Assigned to me<br>2. Assigned to all<br>3. Ward<br>4. Workflow States</td><td>Desired estimate/s is/are searched and displayed in the inbox.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Executive Officer</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Create Detailed Estimate [Home Page > Estimates > Inbox > Create Estimate]</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T006</td><td>1. Click on Create Estimate from Estimate Inbox, opens Search Project page to search a project for which estimate to be created.<br>2. Search a project and open it by clicking on the Project ID to view the project details and from the actions, select the action Create Estimate.</td><td>1. Create Estimate Page is displayed with below details.<br>1.1) Estimate Type<br>1.2) Project ID<br>1.3) Project sanction date<br>1.4) Project Name<br>1.5) Project Description<br>Project Details<br>Estimation Details<br>1.6) Search/ Add SOR<br>1.6.1) SOR Type<br>1.6.2) SOR Sub Type<br>1.6.3) SOR Variant<br>1.6.4) SOR Code/ Description<br>1.7) SOR Items<br>1.7.1) Type/ Sub-type<br>1.7.2) Code<br>1.7.3) Description<br>1.7.4) Unit<br>1.7.5) Rate<br>1.7.6) Quantity (From Measurements)<br>1.7.6.1) Type<br>1.7.6.2) Description<br>1.7.6.3) Numbers<br>1.7.6.4) Length<br>1.7.6.5) Width<br>1.7.6.6) Depth<br>1.7.6.7) Quantity<br>1.7.7) Estimated Amount<br>1.8) Non-SOR Items<br>1.8.1) Description<br>1.8.2) Unit<br>1.8.3) Rate<br>1.8.4) Quantity<br>1.8.4.1) Type<br>1.8.4.2) Description<br>1.8.4.3) Numbers<br>1.8.4.4) Length<br>1.8.4.5) Width<br>1.8.4.6) Depth<br>1.8.4.7) Quantity<br>1.8.5) Estimated Amount<br>1.9) Other Charges<br>1.9.1) Overhead<br>1.9.2) Fixed/ Lump-sum/ Percentage<br>1.9.3) Amount<br>1.10) View Analysis Statements<br>1.11) Relevant Documents<br>1.11.2) Labour Analysis<br>1.11.3) Material Analysis</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td>T007</td><td>1. Fill all the details with realistic values and click on Save as Draft.</td><td>1. Success toast message is displayed and estimate details get saved.<br>2. Estimate gets assigned to the creator and made available in its inbox for further updates.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td>T008</td><td>1. Fill all the details with realistic values and click on Submit.<br>2. Workflow pop-up window is displayed to capture the estimate verifier name and comment if any.<br>3. Select the estimate verifier's name, add comment and then forward the estimate. Optionally without selecting name and adding comment estimate can be forwarded.</td><td>Success page is displayed with the success message with the estimate number.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Original/ Revised Estimate Workflow</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T009</td><td>The estimate creator gets below actions on creation of an estimate.<br>1. Save as Draft<br>2. Submit</td><td>User is able to see the actions mentioned in test case.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td>T010</td><td>The estimate verifier gets below actions when opens the estimate from inbox.<br>1. Verify and forward<br>2. Send Back</td><td>User is able to see the actions mentioned in test case.</td><td>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>T011</td><td>The estimate technical sactioner gets the below actions when opens the estimate from inbox.<br>1. Technical Sanction<br>2. Send Back<br>3. Send Back To Originator<br>4. Reject</td><td>User is able to see the actions mentioned in test case.</td><td>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>T012</td><td>The estimate approver gets the below actions when opens the estimate from inbox.<br>1. Approve<br>2. Send Back<br>3. Send Back To Originator<br>4. Reject</td><td>User is able to see the actions mentioned in test case.</td><td>Executive Officer</td></tr><tr><td>T013</td><td>On Save as Draft, estimate details get saved.</td><td>1. The estimate details get saved and a estimate number is generated.<br>2. The estimate get assigned to creator and made available in the inbox with status "Drafted".<br>3. When the estimate is opened again, opens in editable mode for the estimate creator.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td>T014</td><td>On Submit, workflow pop-up window is opened.</td><td>1. User is able to select the verifier's name, add comments and forward it.<br>2. Optionally , without selecting the name, adding comment, user is able to forward it.<br>3. Estimate is forwarded to verifier and placed in its inbox.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td>T015</td><td>On Verify and Forward, workflow pop-up window is opened</td><td>1. User is able to select the technical sanctioner's name, add the comments and forward it.<br>2. Optionally, without selecting a name and adding a comment, user is able to forward it.<br>3. Estimate is placed in the technical sanctioner's inbox.</td><td>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>T016</td><td>On Technical Sanction, workflow pop-up window is opened</td><td>1. User is able to select the approver's name, add the comments and forward it.<br>2. Optionally, without selecting a name and adding a comment, user is able to forward it.<br>3. Estimate is placed in the approver's inbox.</td><td>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>T017</td><td>On Approve, workflow pop-up window is opened</td><td>1. User is able to add the comments and approve it.<br>2. Optionally, without adding comment, user is able to approve it.<br>3. Estimate is removed from inbox and workflow is ended.</td><td>Executive Officer</td></tr><tr><td>T018</td><td>On Send Back, workflow pop-up window is opened</td><td>1. User is able to add the comments and send it back.<br>2. Optionally, without adding comment, user is able to send it back.<br>3. Estimate is placed in the previous user's inbox.</td><td>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>T019</td><td>On Send Back To Originator, workflow pop-up window is opened</td><td>1. User is able to add the comments and send it back to originator.<br>2. Optionally, without adding comment, user is able to send it back to originator.<br>3. Estimate is placed in the estimate creator's inbox.</td><td>Municipal Engineer<br>Executive Officer</td></tr><tr><td>T020</td><td>On Reject, workflow pop-up window is opened</td><td>1. User is able to add the comments and reject it.<br>2. Optionally, without adding comment, user is able to reject it.<br>3. Estimate is removed from inbox and workflow ended.</td><td>Executive Officer</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Create Revised Estimate [Home Page > Estimates > Inbox > Search Estimate > Create Revise Estimate]</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T021</td><td>1. Click on Revise Estimate from Estimate Inbox, opens Search Estimate page to search a estimate which needs to be revised.<br>2. Else, search estimate which needs to be revised and open it by clicking on the estimate number to view the estimate details and from the actions, select the action Revise Estimate.</td><td>1. Revise Estimate Page is displayed with below details.<br>1.1) Estimate Type<br>1.2) Project ID<br>1.3) Project sanction date<br>1.4) Project Name<br>1.5) Project Description<br>Project Details<br>Estimation Details<br>1.6) Search/ Add SOR<br>1.6.1) SOR Type<br>1.6.2) SOR Sub Type<br>1.6.3) SOR Variant<br>1.6.4) SOR Code/ Description<br>1.7) SOR Items<br>1.7.1) Type/ Subtype<br>1.7.2) Code<br>1.7.3) Description<br>1.7.4) Unit<br>1.7.5) Rate<br>1.7.6) Original Quantity<br>1.7.7) Original Amount<br>1.7.8) Revised Quantity (From Measurements)<br>1.7.8.1) Type<br>1.7.8.2) Description<br>1.7.8.3) Numbers<br>1.7.8.4) Length<br>1.7.8.5) Width<br>1.7.8.6) Depth<br>1.7.8.7) Quantity<br>1.7.9) Revised Amount<br>1.8) Non-SOR Items<br>1.8.1) Description<br>1.8.2) Unit<br>1.8.3) Rate<br>1.8.4) Original Quantity<br>1.8.5) Original Amount<br>1.8.4) Quantity (From Measurements)<br>1.8.4.1) Type<br>1.8.4.2) Description<br>1.8.4.3) Numbers<br>1.8.4.4) Length<br>1.8.4.5) Width<br>1.8.4.6) Depth<br>1.8.4.7) Quantity<br>1.8.5) Revised Amount<br>1.9) Other Charges<br>1.9.1) Overhead<br>1.9.2) Fixed/ Lump-sum/ Percentage<br>1.9.3) Amount<br>1.10) View Analysis Statements<br>1.11) Relevant Documents<br>1.11.2) Labour Analysis<br>1.11.3) Material Analysis</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td>T022</td><td>1. Fill all the details with realistic values and click on Save as Draft.</td><td>1. Success toast message is displayed and estimate details get saved.<br>2. Estimate gets assigned to the creator and made available in its inbox for further updates.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td>T024</td><td>1. Fill all the details with realistic values and click on Submit.<br>2. Workflow pop-up window is displayed to capture the estimate verifier name and comment if any.<br>3. Select the estimate verifier's name, add comment and then forward the estimate. Optionally without selecting name and adding comment estimate can be forwarded.</td><td>Success page is displayed with the success message with the estimate number.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Search Revised Estimate [Home Page > Estimates]</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T025</td><td>Click on Search Estimate on the estimate inbox opens search estimate and enables search using the below parameters:-<br>1. Ward<br>2. Project type<br>3. Project name<br>4. Estimate Number/ Revised Estimate Number<br>5. Created from date<br>6. Created to date<br>Create from and Created to dates are considered as one parameter as date range</td><td>User is able to search an estimate by supplying at least one or multiple parameters value.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Executive Officer</td></tr><tr><td>T026</td><td>On search of an estimate search result is shown as given below:-<br>1. Estimate Number/ Revised Estimate Number<br>2. Project name<br>3. Location<br>4. Prepared by<br>5. Status<br>6. Estimated Amount</td><td>Desired estimates are displayed as searched result.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Executive Officer</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>View Estimate [Home Page > Estimates > Inbox > Search Estimate]</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T027</td><td>1. Click on Search Estimate from inbox page and then search a detailed estimate/ revised estimate.<br>2. Click on Estimate Number/ Revised Estimate Number from search result.</td><td>Estimate details page is opened with the details as entered into system.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Executive Officer</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Download PDF</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T028</td><td>From Detailed Estimate details page, download link is provided.</td><td>On click of download, estimate details is downloaded in PDF</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Executive Officer</td></tr><tr><td>T029</td><td>From Revised Estimate details page, download link is provided.</td><td>On click of download, deviation statement is downloaded in PDF</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Executive Officer</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Measurement Book

<table><thead><tr><th width="102">Test ID</th><th>Test Case Case Scenarios</th><th>Expected Results</th><th>Tester(s)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td><strong>Inbox</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T001</td><td>Click on Measurement Books from home page, opens Inbox page.</td><td>The Measurement Book Inbox page is displayed.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>T002</td><td>From the Measurement Book Inbox Page, Click on Search MB menu link</td><td>Search Measurement Book Page is opened.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>T003</td><td>From the Measurement Book Inbox Page, Click on Create MB menu link</td><td>Search Work Order Page is opened.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>T004</td><td>Search the inbox MB by below parameters.<br>1. Measurement Book Number<br>2. Project ID<br>3. Project type</td><td>Required MBs are searched and displayed in the inbox.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>T005</td><td>Filter the inbox work orders by below parameters.<br>1. Assigned to me<br>2. Assigned to all<br>3. Ward<br>4. Workflow States</td><td>Required work order are searched and displayed in the inbox.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Create Measurement Book</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T006</td><td>1. Click on "Create MB" from Inbox, opens "Search Work Orders" page to search a work order for which MB to be created.<br>2. Search a work order and open it by clicking on the "Work Order Number" to view the wok order details and from the actions, select the action "Create MB".</td><td>1. Create MB Page is displayed with below details.<br>Work Order Number<br>Project Id<br>Muster roll ID<br>Project Sanction Date<br>Project Name<br>Project Description<br>Location<br>Measurement Period<br>MB History<br>MB Number<br>Muster roll ID<br>MB Date<br>Period<br>Status<br>Amount<br>SOR Items<br>Description<br>Unit<br>Rate<br>Approved Quantity<br>Consumed Quantity (Upto Previous MB)<br>Consumed Quantity (Current MB)<br>Current Consumed Amount<br>Non-SOR Items<br>Description<br>Unit<br>Rate<br>Approved Quantity<br>Consumed Quantity (Upto Previous MB)<br>Consumed Quantity (Current MB)<br>Current Consumed Amount<br>View Utilization Statements<br>Upload Worksite Photos</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td>T007</td><td>1. Fill all the details with realistic values and click on "Save as Draft".</td><td>1. Success toast message is displayed and MB details get saved.<br>2. MB gets assigned to the creator and made available in its inbox for further updates.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td>T008</td><td>1. Fill all the details with realistic values and click on "Submit".<br>2. Workflow pop-up window is displayed to capture the measurement book verifier name and comment if any.<br>3. Select the measurement book verifier's name, add comment and then forward the estimate. Optionally without selecting name and adding comment MB can be forwarded.</td><td>Success page is displayed with the success message with the MB number.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Workflow</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T009</td><td>The MB Creator gets below actions on creation of an estimate.<br>1. Save as Draft<br>2. Submit</td><td>User is able to see the actions mentioned in test case.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td>T010</td><td>The MB Verifier gets below action when opens a measurement book from inbox.<br>1. Verify and forward<br>2. Send Back</td><td>User is able to see the actions mentioned in test case.</td><td>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>T011</td><td>The MB Approver gets the below actions when opens a measurement book from inbox.<br>1. Approve<br>2. Send Back<br>3. Send Back To Originator</td><td>User is able to see the actions mentioned in test case.</td><td>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>T012</td><td>On Verify and Forward, workflow pop-up window is opened</td><td>1. User is able to select the approver's name, add the comments and forward it.<br>2. Optionally, without selecting a name and adding a comment, user is able to forward it.<br>3. Measurement Book is placed in the approver's inbox.</td><td>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>T013</td><td>On Approve, workflow pop-up window is opened</td><td>1. User is able to add the comments and approve it.<br>2. Optionally, without adding comment, user is able to approve it.<br>3. Measurement Book is approved and removed from inbox.</td><td>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>T014</td><td>On Send Back, workflow pop-up window is opened</td><td>1. User is able to add the comments and send it back.<br>2. Optionally, without adding comment, user is able to send it back.<br>3. Measurement Book is placed in the previous user's inbox.</td><td>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>T015</td><td>On Send Back To Originator, workflow pop-up window is opened</td><td>1. User is able to add the comments and send it back to originator.<br>2. Optionally, without adding comment, user is able to send it back to originator.<br>3. Measurement Book is placed in the work order creator's inbox.</td><td>Municipal Engineer</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Search MB [Measurement Books > Inbox > Search MB]</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T016</td><td>Click on "Search MB" choose any options from the following parameters below:-<br>1. Ward<br>2. Project name<br>3. MB Number<br>4. Work Order Number<br>5. Status<br>6. Created from date<br>7. Created to date<br>* Create from and Created to dates are considered one paramter as date range.</td><td>User is able to search a work order by supplying at least one or multiple parameters value.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Accountant</td></tr><tr><td>T017</td><td>On search of a MB, search result is shown as given below:-<br>1. MB Number<br>2 Work Order Number<br>3. Project Name<br>4. Name of CBO<br>5. Status<br>5. Amount</td><td>Required MB are displayed as searched result.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Accountant</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>View MB [Measurement Books > Inbox > Search MB]</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T018</td><td>From the Search Result, MB Number is a hyperlink, click on it View MB Page is opened.</td><td>MB details page is opened with the details as entered into system.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Accountant</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>MB PDF</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T019</td><td>From MB details page, download link is provided.</td><td>On click of download, MB is downloaded in PDF</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Accountant</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Muster Roll Validations

<table><thead><tr><th width="98">Test ID</th><th>Test Case Case Scenarios</th><th>Expected Results</th><th>Tester(s)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td><strong>Workflow [Home Page > Muster Rolls]</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T001</td><td>Muster Roll Approver gets the below actions when opens the Muster Roll from inbox.<br>1. Approve<br>2. Send Back To CBO</td><td>User is able to see the actions mentioned in test case.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td>T002</td><td>On Approve, In case corresponding MB is not yet approved.</td><td>A validation message is displayed, and user is not allowed to approve the MB.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td>T003</td><td>On Approve, In case corresponding MB is approved but the labour utilization amout is less than the muster roll amount.</td><td>A validation alert message is shown and confiration is sought from user if he/she wants to go ahead.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td>T004</td><td>On Approve, In case corresponding MB is approved and the labour utilization amout is more or equal to muster roll amount.</td><td>1. User is able to add the comments and approve it.<br>2. Optionally, without adding comment, user is able to approve it.<br>3. Muster Roll is removed from inbox and workflow is ended.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td>T005</td><td>On Send Back To CBO, workflow pop-up window is opened</td><td>1. User is able to add the comments and send it back to originator.<br>2. Optionally, without adding comment, user is able to send it back to originator.<br>3. Muster Roll is sent back to CBO.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>View Muster Roll [Home Page > Muster Rolls > Search Muster Roll]</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T006</td><td>From the Search Result, Muster Roll ID is a hyperlink, click on it View Muster Roll Page is opened.</td><td>Muster Roll details page is opned with the details as mentioned below.<br>1. Muster Roll ID<br>2. Work Order Number<br>3. Project ID<br>4. MB Number<br>5. Project Description<br>6. Name of CBO<br>7. Role of CBO<br>8. Muster Roll Period<br>9. No. of wage seekers<br>10. Total attendance (in days)<br>11. Quantity of work (In days)<br>12. Labour Utilization Amount<br>13. Total Wage Amount<br>Attendance Details<br>Workflow Timelines</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Purchase Bill Validations

<table><thead><tr><th width="106">Test ID</th><th>Test Case Case Scenarios</th><th width="271">Expected Results</th><th>Tester(s)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td><strong>Create Bill [Home Page > Billing > Inbox Page > Create Bill]</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T001</td><td>1. Click on "Create Bill" from Bill Inbox, it opens Search Work Order Page to search an accepted Work Order for which purchase bill to be created.<br>2. Open Work Order by clicking on the Work Order Number to view the work order details and from the actions select "Create Purchase Bill".</td><td>Create Purchase Bill Page is displayed with below details.<br>1. Work Order Number<br>2. Project ID<br>3. Project Description<br>4. Location<br>Measurement Book Details<br>MB Numbers<br>Total Material Utilized<br>Total Bills Approved/ In Process<br>Material Utilized Unpaid<br>Invoice Details<br>1. Vendor<br>2. Vendor ID<br>3. Invoice Number<br>4. Invoice Date<br>5. Material Cost<br>6. GST<br>Bill Details<br>1. Bill Date<br>2. Bill Amount<br>3. Deductions<br>Relevant Documents<br>1. Vendor Invoice<br>2. Measurement Book<br>3. Material Utilization Log</td><td>Junior Engineer/ Assistant Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>T002</td><td>In case no MB is approved.</td><td>A error message is displayed about MB being missing and user is not allowed to create the bill.</td><td>Junior Engineer/ Assistant Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>T003</td><td>In case MB(s) is/are approved but the total material utilized unpaid amount is less than the total bill amount.<br>1. Fill all the details with realistic values and click on Create Purchase Bill.</td><td>1. A validation alert message is shown about the mismatch of amount and a confirmation is sought from user if he/she wants to go ahead. On confirmation.<br>2. Workflow pop-up window is displayed to capture the verifier's name and comment if any.<br>3. Select the bill verifier's name, add comment and then forward the bill. Optionally without selecting name and adding comment bill can be forwarded.<br>4. Success page is displayed with the success message and bill number.</td><td>Junior Engineer/ Assistant Engineer</td></tr><tr><td>T004</td><td>In case MB(s) is/are approved and the total material utilized unpaid amount is more are equal to the total bill amount.<br>1. Fill all the details with realistic values and click on Create Purchase Bill.</td><td>1. Workflow pop-up window is displayed to capture the Bill verifier name and comment if any.<br>2. Select the bill verifier's name, add comment and then forward the bill. Optionally without selecting name and adding comment bill can be forwarded.<br>3. Success page is displayed with the success message and bill number.</td><td>Junior Engineer/ Assistant Engineer</td></tr><tr><td></td><td><strong>View Bill [Home Page > Billing > Search Bill > Bill Number]</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T005</td><td>From the Search Result, Bill Number is a hyperlink, click on it View Bill Page is opened.</td><td>Purchase Bill details page is opened with the details as mentioned below.<br>1. Bill Number<br>2. Bill Date<br>3. Work Order Number<br>3. Project ID<br>4. Project Description<br>5. Location<br><strong>Measurement Book Details</strong><br>6. MB Numbers<br>7. Total Material Utilized<br>8. Total Bills Approved/ In Process<br>9. Material Utilized Unpaid<br><strong>Invoice Details</strong><br>10. Vendor Name<br>11. Vendor ID<br>12. Invoice Number<br>13. Invoice Date<br>14. Material Cost<br>15. GST<br><strong>Bill Details</strong><br>16. Bill Amount<br>17. Deductions<br>18. Net Payable<br><strong>Relevant Documents</strong><br><strong>Workflow Timelines</strong></td><td>Junior Engineer/ Assistant Engineer<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Executive Officer<br>Accountant</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Schedule of rates

<table><thead><tr><th width="102">Test ID</th><th>Test Case Case Scenarios</th><th width="269">Expected Results</th><th>Tester(s)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td><strong>Search SOR [Home Page > Schedule of Rates]</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T001</td><td>Click on "Schedule of Rates" choose module name SOR, and Master Name SOR.</td><td>Search SOR page is displayed with the options to search an SOR and by default searched records.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Accountant</td></tr><tr><td>T002</td><td>Search SOR provides the following parameters to use as filter on search.<br>1. SOR ID<br>2. UOM<br>3. SOR Type<br>4. SOR Sub Type<br>5. SOR Variant<br>6. Description<br>7. Active/ Inactive</td><td>User is able to search a SOR by supplying value to a parameter.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Accountant</td></tr><tr><td>T003</td><td>On search of a SOR, search result is shown as given below:-<br>1. SOR ID<br>2. UOM<br>3. SOR Type<br>4. SOR Sub Type<br>5. SOR Variant<br>6. Description<br>7. Active/ Inactive</td><td>Required SOR(s) are displayed as searched result.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Accountant</td></tr><tr><td></td><td><strong>View SOR [Search SOR]</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T005</td><td>From the Search Result, SOR ID is a hyperlink, click on it, View SOR Page is opened.</td><td>SOR details page is opned with the details as entered into system.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Accountant</td></tr><tr><td></td><td><strong>Search Rates [Home Page > Schedule of Rates]</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T006</td><td>Click on "Schedule of Rates" choose module name SOR, and Master Name "Rates".</td><td>Search SOR page is displayed with the options to search an SOR and by default searched records.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Accountant</td></tr><tr><td>T007</td><td>Search Rate provides the following parameters to use as filter on search.<br>1. SOR ID<br>2. Valid To<br>3. Valid From<br>4. Active/ Inactive</td><td>User is able to search a SOR by supplying value to a parameter.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Accountant</td></tr><tr><td>T008</td><td>On search of Rate, search result is shown as given below:-<br>1. SOR ID<br>2. Valid To<br>3. Valid From<br>4. Active/ Inactive</td><td>Required SOR Rates are displayed as searched result.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Accountant</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>View SOR [Search SOR]</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T009</td><td>From the Search Result, SOR ID is a hyperlink, click on it, View SOR Page is opened.</td><td>SOR Rates details page is opened with the details as entered into system.</td><td>Junior Engineer<br>Assistant Engineer<br>Implementation Expert<br>Municipal Engineer<br>Accountant</td></tr></tbody></table>

